README.md, before:

# Erik Barron - Portfolio

#### A portfolio of some of my projects so far, 1/10/20

#### By: Erik Barron

## Description

This project was assigned as an independant project for the Epicodus cirriculum on 1/10/20. It contains a summary of the skills leared so far with examples of each of those skills and links to their respective respository.

## Setup / Installation Requirements

* Works best with Chrome Browser

## Known Bugs

N/A

## Support and Contact

For more information regarding this page or any others linked, please e-mail todayisagrnday21@gmail.com

## Technologies Used

* HTML
* CSS
* CSS: Bootstrap
* Mark Down

### License

Copyright (c) 2020 Erik Baron

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

create a link to gh-pages in README.md file

README.md, after:

# Erik Barron - Portfolio

#### A portfolio of some of my projects so far, 1/10/20

#### By: Erik Barron

## Description

This project was assigned as an independant project for the Epicodus cirriculum on 1/10/20. It contains a summary of the skills leared so far with examples of each of those skills and links to their respective respository. The GH-Pages for this project can be found at: [https://todayisagrnday21.github.io/portfolio/](https://todayisagrnday21.github.io/portfolio/)

## Setup / Installation Requirements

* Works best with Chrome Browser

## Known Bugs

N/A

## Support and Contact

For more information regarding this page or any others linked, please e-mail todayisagrnday21@gmail.com

## Technologies Used

* HTML
* CSS
* CSS: Bootstrap
* Mark Down

### License

Copyright (c) 2020 Erik Baron

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
